Injection lazy loading (#107)
yiisoft/yii-view: README.md

The parameters passed to `render()` method have more priority
and will overwrite the injected content parameters if their names match.

#### Injections lazy loading

> You can use lazy loading for injections. Injections will be created by container that implement 
> `Yiisoft\Yii\View\InjectionContainerInterface`. Out of box available `InjectionContainer` based on PSR-11 compatible 
> container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use lazy loading for injections. Injections will be created by container that implements 
`Yiisoft\Yii\View\InjectionContainerInterface`. Out of the box, it is available in `InjectionContainer` that is based on PSR-11 compatible 
container.
```
